Yes 1 of today everyone like good morning
Two days sickness of January What has passed massage does not let match
It became
a it even drank too much we wanted to Kakaro at the end of the tightening
And then
I would like to eat fried rice there is no more ingredients
It is green onion
Insert
It is Chashu of miracle
I would like to create a char chyu fried rice with this price .
There are immediately start
First of all, it's a green onion, it's good for cutting
It will be on a slightly oiled frying pan
3 types
Put it seems that it would be good is better to wait
dj there
eat
You Mairi lightly We will yeah Datte scent
Yes Well it is to now
It is good
cjean
It is rice that you can eat
animejapan
can you do
I would like and said, da message
me
The point is 200 grams 180
It is 200 grams, about 30 places in capital letters
And this No. Herb on the regular price check
It is mayonnaise
ano Delon pop pop is pop
It becomes fluent say this pretty it is is
dj
Mars There is a feeling car like a pre-Shu Yaketen
I know Well
nice for walkers
That's why the driver is doing this too
There chopper
goo
You'll ne
It was not stored
goo
It is a good Nekou Well black pepper turned to Mars
Good Kussai
is
Not found
sp delicious ramen
school
voodoo
Hey Hey this is put first
With a
I get lost I was over a roughly 3 years
By the way, it is button Indian rice ãŒ
but
It will be after
This is really mayonnaise
The end or award is not for mourning
I would like to serve it
8 I think it's nice to have some rice
It So like a home it is in that medium heat Yamaihanaya, who returned a
In Dokkandokkan take it card-related in the other head I If you are a large ladle
I think I will
It 's like a normal child who is as big as daddy or just dad
I'm from outside and put it back in more containers
There is a Suwajin and completion Yes it is a Suwajin child face
There is an average of 500 yen every year .
me
Ah ah ah ah
ni
It is over
Ah ah ah ah
It will be
car
There were 15
me
Have
Ain
Good good
Ah ah ah ah
tan
me
Zaa Nan'
Wait
subway
me
conoha
ware
ni
me
Thank you very much for watching to voodoo last
Ah ah ah ah
Girl
me
You have
I miss you
400 already
It has ended
Thank you for getting to the end of the glove that started
Ah with ah
Please put together
Then I'm sorry I miss you delicious